so you know how a lot of people want to
like make it into Hollywood so they can
work on a big set man these dudes are
shooting on their iPhones nowadays now
I'm not gonna call this one the first
movie to shoot in an iPhone cuz
tangerine clearly did it years prior
before that my mama was shooting at hers
but in terms of how they use such Apple
product and you know how they create
this psychological thriller and the way
that it's told I personally would give
it a run to for a couple of reasons let
me explain
so I'm gonna go about spoiling it
chronologically just so you know
everything makes sense because there was
a lady sitting next to me who was still
thinking that the character was crazy
the entire time but in fact the director
himself even tells you that uh she's
telling the truth
he just you know manipulated the movie
and shied it on an iPhone to confuse you
she was telling the truth when I went
and sort of made the the beginning of
the movie more ambiguous so that you
would ask this question but I'm here to
answer it you see the main woman that
were following her name is Sawyer she's
played by Claire Foy who if you ever
heard the news she was actually paid
less than her co-star for the crown and
she was the one wearing the crown I
think it's more upsetting that in this
one the iPhone cost more than what she
was making but I'd I sense see early on
in college this chick wanted to become a
doctor but she ended up in Boston taking
care of Josh from the Blair Witch
project's dad until he passes problem is
is that dudes nowadays be creepers and
he begins stalking her since he believes
it's his dad's will she says no good he
then goes hunting and suddenly Matt
Damon appears to help her set up a
restraining order and tell that she can
no longer have any type of social media
two things one I think it freakin sucks
that someone else is trying to ruin your
life and they're stalking you and you
can't do anything about them getting in
trouble so you have to stop living your
life to if you can get Matt Damon in
your movie you can get a real camera
years later she's moved away from Boston
she's working in another job in
Pennsylvania I believe and she's still
traumatized because of the dude who was
sneaking in her house there's a point
where she even goes on a tender date and
then straight-up slaps to dude because
she thinks she's looking at David all of
these causes are to obviously go see a
therapist which is what society tells
you to do when you're having issues
here's the problem you can't tell anyone
your problems anymore
without them pegging you as crazy my
girl really is suffering from trauma
from a stalker
but it turns out that Highland creeks
over here is only concerned in baiting
you to say something with their therapy
interviews having you signed some papers
and then locking you up until your
insurance stops paying it it's freakin
medical prison turns out J Pharaoh who
if you don't know is really good at
impression so in here he's a reporter
pretending to be a patient's so he can
take notes and prove that these
healthcare places are scummy he
befriends Sawyer lets her use a secret
phone to call her mom she never gives
him the Wendy bet at a certain point she
comes across her stalker again turns out
that this dude killed a man named George
buried his body in the woods and then
got this job under his name intensive
background check mass soon as he sees
him
she obviously freaks out here's the
problem with this when you're in a
psychiatric ward they're just gonna
think you're more crazy they keep
popping pills in her so that's just
extending her stay and as soon as the
mom drives over to check on her
David kills her and stuffs her in his
trunk when he notices that Sawyer and
Nate are hanging out a little bit too
much
he drugs tortures and Odie's him to
death in the basements he then puts
Sawyer in solitary confinement but since
he cut the cameras she has her Otto
himself and starts pitching his cabin in
the woods up in New Hampshire oh hell no
now this is why he shoots on the iPhone
in my opinion the director it kind of
gives you that like stalker feel you
know the view of someone creepin on you
through their phone at the same time
Soderbergh says that he loves being able
to put the camera anywhere since it's so
small I guess it works in this last
scene even though you can hear the
camera guys footsteps all around Sawyer
finally starts playing along which is
what I would have done from the
beginning you know pet this guy pretend
like we're all good like I love them Tom
we're about to go on our honeymoon and
the moment I smell that fresh air Fred
Flinstone it out of there faster than
Usain Bolt Sawyer than asked for this
chick just to see if David would follow
the orders of the woman he claims that
he loves but really she's just calling
this girl over because she has a shank
which Sawyer then uses to give him a
tracheostomy at this point the cops and
the reporters learn about Nate's death
and real George's death so they raid the
place Sawyer gets captured again but
then fully shanks the guy months later
she's better but still suffers from the
trauma of seeing her ex everywhere as we
learn the biggest lesson of all when
dealing with our problems just don't go
to the doctor that'll keep the doctor
away how about them apples thank you
guys for checking out this video as
always let me know your thoughts down
below again I like this movie I think
it's pretty good I would have given it a
jr. price except for the fact that you
know it's shot on the iPhone so it like
literally can be seen at home and I
don't want you guys spending that money
to go out there cuz honestly if you want
a movie to watch at home to rent side
effects its same director similar type
of thing dealing with drugs go watch
that one it's pretty good this one's
still just as good but like I said I
think it's more worthy of not really
sitting on the big screen cuz it wasn't
shot for the big screen oh now let me
know your comments down below don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you your own pack of ablixa